we have all either heard about or tried
one weight loss solution or another i
know i have because there are so many
out there how could you not but here's
the thing it can get so overwhelming
canted well a next guest says it doesn't
have to be her book called the diet
solution program offers a solution to
dieting and guarantees her program will
help you lose body fat and increase
energy and vitality isabel de los rios
joins us as part of our book author
series hi Isabel ok now I'm so glad
you're here with us this morning because
you know I've got to start off with this
and I'm sure you probably heard this
before there's so many diet solutions
and so many books out there that it can
get overwhelming and confusing what
makes your book different what I teach
people is a realistic approach to not
only losing weight keeping that weight
off and staying healthy and I say
realistic because a lot of the diets
that are out there are not realistic
long-term so as you've probably seen
before people lose weight but then they
can't stick to whatever it is that that
particular diet was teaching them or
telling them to eat and then they gained
the weight right back and it ends up
being a yo-yo cycle and they get
frustrated and they just give up on the
diet and give up on the healthy eating
and you know what i've been there i have
to admit i've been one of those people
where you try a diet and it works for
the short term but then because it
doesn't continue to work you just
completely give up and then you go have
that piece of cake you got any or two or
three and so what is the diet solution
well what the diet solution is is a
healthy natural way of eating and i
don't want that to sound like you're
going to eat you know nuts and berries
or anything like that women okay it's
going to be good food and natural foods
like natural meats and poultry and whole
eggs and good fats like avocados and
olive oil and even things like butter
which people are really surprised when I
tell them you can put butter on your
vegetables and put some salt on them and
it
it tastes delicious so as you can see
it's a different approach but it's an
approach that works it sounds like it's
more of a lifestyle approach it's not
dieting for the moment or for that month
but that it's a complete lifestyle
change Danielle that's exactly what it
is and that's what my clients and my
readers have really embraced and
appreciated about the diet solution
program is that they can eat this way
for the long term it's how I eat it's
how my family eats so it's it's great
it's easy to do you know speaking of
that I wanted to ask you how you came up
with the diet solution program did you
struggle with weight yourself I
struggled with my weight for a very long
time and people are usually surprised
when they hear that but it started in my
early teens I think it was about 11 12
years old and I started following every
diet out there and unfortunately we see
that in girls especially now I here in
high schools and even in great schools
girls that are talking about their
weight and wanting to lose weight so I
was there and I tried everything in
anything like most people have and until
i found this approach which was staying
away from processed foods and staying
away from the chemicals and just sort of
embracing the foods that our ancestors
ate you know how did our grandparents
eat have it our great-grandparents ii
really embracing those principles I not
only lost the weight but for the first
time I was able to keep it off and for
me that was about 30 pounds which when
you're only five because they'll say
yeah when you're only five feet tall 30
pounds is a lot of weight but I did it
without being hungry and and it's it's
how I live my life now for other viewers
out there who may be struggling with
their weight how do we know the diet
solution really is a solution because I
know you say it's different but why not
just go with the mainstream you know
Danielle unfortunately the mainstream
it's not working and we see that in our
communities and our population you know
our the obesity epidemic is just getting
worse and worse so if we continue to
follow what's mainstream it's it's
clearly not working so when people say
to me your approach is different and
your approach maybe a little
unconventional I say to them we need to
try something different because what
people are doing now is is not working
so give it a shot try something that you
haven't tried before and very quickly I
wanted to ask you about this because
dieting as we all know can be very
stressful because you don't want to so
it would be weighing your food and
counting every little thing how does
your plan take the stress out of it
because you learn which foods work for
you you learn which foods to stay away
from and that's all you need to know you
don't have to count any calories you
don't have to worry about you know it
needs to be in a specific in particular
way no these are the foods you should
eat these are the foods you shouldn't
eat and there you go pick a breakfast
pick a lunch pick a dinner pick snacks
that are going to work for you and for
your family and again just look at your
plate and ask yourself is this natural
is this innocence when I play seven if
that's it that's it you know laughter so
that's your play all right there's about
a loss for us we appreciate you being
here with us some good stuff Thank you
Thank You Danielle and once again if
you'd like more information on this or
to order copy of the diet solution
program just log on to the diet solution
program com